somehow the building from ddr times already belongs to the cityscape
Karin Fleischer from the municipal company KJ got one more time
umgeschaut in the former department store on the island place
in the last months of the GDR
as the department store for the magnetic train house chain in a record time of
Schland o Schland years was built
quasi active in Jena city construction office
that is a
Danner construction in
Clapper
with support
instead of thinking OMV we have then no says 88 the first u its
Procedure ever carried out in the GDR
that means the beds will be empty
which were mounted on the ground and then position the thief in position seven
So that was a very fine thing that was just the size
actually take that
relatively low booty time
it had been a long struggle for the house
until the end of the 1980s, Jena had no department store with a full range
In the autumn of 89 the GDL was in last legs became the consumption temple
completed
On 2700 square meters of retail space were offered the soon to be
nobody wanted to buy anymore
In 1990, however, the Horten concern took over the house only until 1994
after that was the huge building with a floor area of ​​9200
Square meters used for special sales until 1996 completely closed
has been
since then the house officially stands but clock did not really arrive here
Pessimists about which
Things always happen at night that speaks
stayed there and
Those are materials that are going to be stolen then became drugs
when
I do not know how noble materials are sold we do not know how
they come in the fact that all occasions are self-evident but the door
It would be a big problem for me at Vaux Castle
was manipulated that the girls had noticed again
half of all wiring and most of the ceiling panels are
already gone
but the time for the unsolicited lodgers is finally over
starting from the first of September a company from the Rhön becomes the former GDR Presti
Break down Toyota builds there found the discount store still offers roofing
close
here remembers
and of course it's natural because of this unfamiliar location
not getting better that's clear
but i can not handle this building if i am here again
his sales facility
Star became
I have ceiling heights of three meters here you can tilts through these sounds cover
do not install escalators and and in the test
the area applies the OECD does not give the researchers all that anymore
Elder in the form of 30 holders of fire protection he submits it goes
not anymore
The Jenaer should therefore already from the concrete block on the principle of March
saying goodbye
During the demolition time and the subsequent work will be two
Third of the parking areas to be closed until November
only the outermost three rows remain open
For the time being, new parking areas will be created here
until an investor is found for the new development Bestensee Platz